Add "function" to the glossary plus related improvements (#11144)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/drop-function.rst

    DROP FUNCTION [ IF EXISTS ] function_name
        ( [ [ arg_name ] arg_type [, ...] ] )

Description
===========

``DROP FUNCTION`` drops a :ref:`user-defined function

> <user-defined-functions>`. A function name and argument types must be
> specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<user-defined-functions>`. The function name and the respective argument types
must be specified.
```
